# StarsandStripesVentures
To further expand all areas of the blockchain by serving the public. I'm a registered business owner and want to help nurture technology into the new age by aligning my vision with the provision to achieve harmonious results. Being a military veteran I also have the leadership skills to lead this team to victory. Much has already been invested in my idea personally. I'm grateful to be here and to help. My vision is of me continuing my journey to build a chain of businesses that coorelate with the tech era while advancing into the financial sector  as well. Tokens, bots and exchanges are all easily made these days. As a whole I see a ton of opportunity to expand blockchain into the public. Also I love door to door sales and I have a few tricks up my sleeve to get the word out into areas not completely dominated by the internet.   
Anybody can have an online store and exchange but what are you doing for the community? I'm here to bridge that gap and give a strong voice to the community. I am that hidden gem everybody talks about. My life as a thirty five year old father of a nine year old daughter in america hasn't been good. My parents aren't together, they still fight and I see a lot of moral degradation goin on in our society. I stand for morals, values and rights of people. I already put my life on the line several times to save others. I will do the same for you. I don't have much material wise and my business ventures have been boom and busts, but im a man of faith and god. I kept my word to god as a child that I wouldnt get a tattoo anywhere on my body as this would prove my strength and dedication towards a good life. This my faith in him and in myself. My grandfather isn't around and it's been two years now since I started this journey. Im a really good team player or the glue to the bunch. This is more of an introduction and glimpse of myself and whats to come. I have so many ideas to share and things i want to do which will expand and help the community as a whole. I also want to make sure wisdom follows us through time and that the people of the world are treated fiarly during these times, especially our elders and loved one. 
